# DigiRegistrar
Build an application to digitize registration process with respect to Land , Sale Deeds , Marriage & other respective records at one place so that there would be no need of in person visit where in we have to wait for long time at the respective registar office to complete the necessary registration process. 

## Features in the Application
* In this application we will have all the required forms (with digital stamps as per government norms) associated with respective registration process in native as   well as english language which can be filled by the person online with digital signature and submit it for approval.
* We will have three layers of security approvals before sending it to final approval by registar with this digital signature.Registar cannot approve the document without approval confirmations from the three security layers
* Payment gateway will be integrated into the application for paying the registration and other respective charges
* All the records (latest + last 5 years data) will be maintained in a widget which will be accessible based on the roles associated with the users using the application.
* Creation of digital token that need to be used for approval process
* Education criteria setting
* Inbuilt spell checker which highlights if there are any mistakes
* Geo-code service which will depict the picture of the land based on the location and attach it to the document as a reference document. This is used for sale deeds and land records.
* Image upload service for uploading pictures
* Push Notifications
* Acknowledgement Templates
* SMS Service

## Rules associated with security approvals
* For each approval specific digital token will be used which need to be generated by the person who is assigned the approval role. Without digital token one cannot approve any document/record
* One need to match with respective education criteria to be part of the approval process. So that there would be zero errors commited in the approval process

## Roles for accessing the widget
* Read-only role where in user can only view the save records. This role is automatically assigned to the normal user
* Read-Write role where in user can view/update the latest record. This role is automatically assigned to registar only. 
#### Note: When the registar updates latest record it will go through three layers of security approval before sending it back to registar for final approval again.

## Technology Stack (might change or new things can be added in the later stage of the application)
* Python .. GeoCode service , payment gateway, Digital token creation
* Django .. For Rest framework and backend services
* ReactJS ..  User Interface,Spell checker component, Image Uploa Component
* MongoDB .. For Data storage
* Express JS .. For routing
